Update tutorial-suspicious-activity.md (#592)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/tutorial-suspicious-activity.md

## Phase 5: Configure alerts

Note - Starting November 15th, 2022, The Alerts/SMS (text messages) will be deprecated. 

> Customers who would like to receive text alerts should use Microsoft Power Automate for custom alert automation. For more details ((https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/defender-cloud-apps/tutorial-suspicious-activity))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you would like to receive text alerts, you should use Microsoft Power Automate for custom alert automation. For more information, see [Integrate with Microsoft Power Automate for custom alert automation](flow-integration.md).
```
